It is Is there in my hand now went to fujifilm booth
Well will be in x3 of high-end compact camera
9 turns the ring and the power is turned on
Booh sa 4 pattern picture book but Anu
You're watching it
Eating food course is retired
Optical finder
It is ev key pet changing from four times
Yeah yeah yeah
here song aimed it in this camera is rather
The parallax of high-finder in the fact that trying to pursuit the take-friendliness
Let alone ev little also I Yes Yes good tear say
I just want to peep this pv by all means, but it is big and wide
Resolution also Miyase Oh Atomo one one But you know I'm a natural at 203 after addition bright
Because of the stupid while I tried I put to say natural view mode
It looks like it 's seen on people
Speaking of a series that I avoided as much as this x siri sweet fucking in fact that there is also a mode
Is that okay ?
How is the popularity of Europe ? It is of course also popular in Japan, though
Here in Germany too It is very listed and Rex 20
Again that Well Orimashi the price
I got up in a very diverse group of songs called classical images, but this time I dare to challenge
It says of the camera that was found I would like to also work hard in the new design in the same war
I was admitted Germany of the home
Thank you very much for understanding where you are checking